well idea there I don't have people it's
Bo again so today we're going to talk
about hunter Biden's qualifications the
younger Biden we're gonna talk about him
talk about his qualifications because it
keeps coming up the idea is that he is
just completely unqualified to sit on a
board of directors and therefore the
only reason anybody would appoint him
would be to curry political favor with
his daddy and therefore I mean we got to
lock him up I guess that's that's the
the cool champ right now okay so when
are we arresting George Bush because
George Bush appointed him to a board of
directors and it was confirmed by the
Senate hunter Biden sat on the Amtrak
Board of Directors for years for years I
guess that was to curry political favor
maybe when this gets brought up
Republican pundits will say something
along the lines of he got that job
because they said that he rode on Amtrak
trains a lot and that's true that's cute
it was said in the confirmation I never
spent a lot of time on Amtrak trains
that's the quote it's really there
senator carpenter however that little
bit immediately followed hunter will be
an excellent addition to the Amtrak
board he is a graduate of Georgetown and
Yale he has served as senior vice
president at MBNA America and as
executive director of e-commerce policy
coordination at the United States
Department of Commerce five years ago
and it goes on so I guess the idea is
that we're holding Ukraine to a higher
standard a Republican president
appointed this man to a board of
directors and it was confirmed by the
Senate
so this Ukrainian energy company needs
to have more stringent requirements for
its board than the US government cool we
can roll with that I guess makes sense
why are we talking about it because a
whole bunch of current Republicans
repeat it and repeat it and repeat it
and therefore their base who does not
fact check believes it it's not true
it's not true he has the qualifications
they're right there in addition to the
qualifications he had they got him on
the Amtrak board the fact that he sat on
the Amtrak board would be yet another
qualification for him to sit on the
board of the energy company maybe they
are holding Ukraine to a higher standard
maybe this type of corruption is just
accepted here any ideas yeah
George Bush was trying to curry favor
with Biden and you know here it's okay
but over there will we have something
different what we're going to hold them
to a higher standard or maybe he is
qualified and this is all just made up
because they know their base will
believe their lies at the end of the day
Trump in some ways has been a benefit
because he's really laid bare the
out-and-out lies and corruption in our
government anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night